we are like a big family I'm the mom and
I'm very mean a time pay attention but
then when they do amazing mistakes then
they love me and hug me and kiss me this
is a weird relationship that we have
gone any oh no puedes Allah blondo
this is the biggest performance of our
lives it has to be perfect
mellow me
hey
so did everything there go call him to
plan I can see everyone weld everything
but I hope yes it did okay well thank
you thank you
because one of the tricks you didn't do
a perfect I guess she's feeling if we
don't make it to the next round
this is very first training because
everyone
in so hard for this
they made a mistake he were off a little
bit but boy oh boy really is amazing
what they do imagine that radius a
musical come on yeah
I'm tick and I'm back we're dance
company originally from the Bronx from
age 60 was dancing on the streets we
went from the small corner to the big
park we went from the big park to
Central Park we always kept climbing our
goal is to take this from the streets to
the balcony seats
you
all right hey thanks guys no power
felling Street performance I like them
you're all exhausted and you're nervous
but we're almost there hi i'm jessica
and i'm debbie and we're here with
jasmine flowers I look like I belong in
this group I could do this yeah it's
really hard to get all 25 of us in
unison if one person's off place there's
one Terry image is just kind of like
off-kilter Lord row higher higher we're
just really scared because after seeing
it happen to those also dancers we're
going to have to get
just like
thank you thank you
just makes you smile hopefully the
judges saw our potential and
is every time they come out going to be
the fan dance I don't mind that the
category is finished this was a very
very sorry we have many other categories
we only have forty seven spots
does everybody agree on one I agree to
that yes I mean if we if we all seem to
agree yeah should we just do it now ya
doing it yeah Nick yes will you please
do me a favor and send out the salsa
group absolutely I need you guys to go
with me to the stage the judges want to
see you
I'm nervous we have a lot of tough
decisions to make what are you thinking
I'm thinking um
I need to be
it wasn't an easy one but we made our
decision
we're sending you to Radio City Music
Hall
you so much we do things that you
dessert
so these are tears of joy